Nexstar Media Group, Inc. / TEGNA Inc. (HOLX)
Filing: Q3 2025 10-Q

Key Excerpts
 1. [TIMING + REGULATORY]   LEGAL LANGUAGE
Section: Risk Factors Related to the Proposed Merger with TEGNA
Delays in the completion of the Merger could cause the combined company not to realize, or to be delayed in realizing, some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve if the Merger is successfully completed within its expected timeframe and, among other things, result in additional transaction costs, loss of revenue, additional expense or other negative effects associated with delay and uncertainty about completion of the Merger. If we or TEGNA are required to divest assets or businesses as a condition to the Merger, there can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate such divestitures expeditiously or on favorable terms or that the governmental authorities will approve the terms of such divestitures. Such divestitures could also reduce the benefits that may be realized by the combined company from the Merger.

 2. [TIMING + REGULATORY]   LEGAL LANGUAGE
Section: Risk Factors Related to the Proposed Merger with TEGNA
The proposed Merger with TEGNA is subject to conditions, some or all of which may not be satisfied, on a timely basis or at all.

 3. [TIMING]   LEGAL LANGUAGE
Section: Note 1: Organization and Business Operations
On August 18, 2025, Nexstar entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") to acquire the outstanding equity of TEGNA Inc., a Delaware corporation ("TEGNA") (such transaction, the "Merger"). TEGNA owns and operates 64 television stations and two radio stations in 51 designated market areas in the U.S. Upon closing, the Merger is expected to increase Nexstar's operational and geographic diversity and scale, enhance its presence in various localities and extend its footprint to additional areas experiencing contested elections.

 4. [TIMING + REGULATORY]   LEGAL LANGUAGE
Section: Note 1: Organization and Business Operations
The Merger has been approved by the boards of directors of both companies and is projected to close by the second half of 2026, subject to (i) the approval of the Merger by the stockholders of TEGNA, (ii) FCC consent, (iii) receipt of other regulatory approvals including expiration of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended and (iv) satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. The Merger does not require approval of Nexstar stockholders and is not subject to any financing condition.

 5. [TIMING + REGULATORY]   LEGAL LANGUAGE
Section: Note 1: Organization and Business Operations
Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both parties. Either party may terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger is not consummated at or before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on August 18, 2026, which may be extended to November 18, 2026 at the election of either TEGNA or Nexstar if all conditions other than certain regulatory conditions have been satisfied or waived. If the Merger Agreement is terminated in connection with TEGNA entering into a definitive agreement with respect to a superior proposal, as well as under certain other circumstances, TEGNA will be required to pay Nexstar a termination fee of $120 million. If the Merger Agreement is terminated because TEGNA stockholder approval is not obtained at a stockholder meeting duly held for such purpose, TEGNA will be required to reimburse Nexstar for costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transaction in an amount not to exceed $30 million. If the Merger Agreement is terminated by either party under certain circumstances, including because certain required regulatory clearances are not obtained on or before November 18, 2026, Nexstar will be required to pay TEGNA a termination fee of $125 million.

 6. [TIMING + REGULATORY]   LEGAL LANGUAGE
Section: ITEM 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
On August 18, 2025, we entered into the Merger Agreement to acquire the outstanding equity of TEGNA, subject to TEGNA's stockholder approval, certain regulatory approvals and other customary conditions. TEGNA owns and operates 64 television stations and two radio stations in 51 designated market areas in the U.S. We project the acquisition to close by the second half of 2026. Upon closing, the Merger is expected to increase our operational and geographic diversity and scale, enhance our presence in various localities and extend our footprint to additional areas experiencing contested elections. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, we will acquire TEGNA's outstanding equity for a cash payment of $22 per share. The transaction is valued at an estimated $6.2 billion.

 7. [TIMING + REGULATORY]   LEGAL LANGUAGE
Section: Risk Factors Related to the Proposed Merger with TEGNA
The completion of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by all parties, to the extent permissible) of a number of conditions as specified in the Merger Agreement. These closing conditions include, among other things, (i) the approval of the Merger Agreement by the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock of TEGNA entitled to vote thereon, (ii) the absence of any order, writ, injunction, judgment, decree or ruling by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States or law in the United States having been adopted prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, (iii)(x) the expiration or termination of the waiting period applicable to the TEGNA Merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and under any agreement with a governmental entity not to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement that was entered into with the prior written consent of each of Nexstar and TEGNA and (y) the grant by the FCC of applications required to be filed with the FCC to obtain the approvals of the FCC pursuant to the Communications Act and FCC rules necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (iv) the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement (subject to certain materiality qualifiers), (v) the performance and compliance in all material respects by the parties of their respective covenants required by the Merger Agreement to be performed or complied with by such party prior to the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and (vi) the absence, since June 30, 2025, of any effect, change, event, occurrence or development that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that is continuing.

 8. [TIMING]   LEGAL LANGUAGE
Section: Exhibit No.
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 18, 2025, by and among Nexstar Media Group, Inc., Teton Merger Sub, Inc. and TEGNA Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-50478) filed by Nexstar Media Group, Inc. on August 19, 2025).

 9. [TIMING]   LEGAL LANGUAGE
Section: Note 10: Commitments and Contingencies
On August 18, 2025, Nexstar entered into the Merger Agreement with TEGNA. The agreement contains certain termination rights for both parties, including termination fees under certain circumstances. Nexstar also received committed financing from a group of commercial banks to fund the Merger with TEGNA and related transactions. See Note 1 for additional information on the termination fees and financing commitment.

 10. [TIMING + REGULATORY]   LEGAL LANGUAGE
Section: Risk Factors Related to the Proposed Merger with TEGNA
The failure to satisfy all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the Merger for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring at all. There can be no assurance that the conditions to the completion of the Merger will be satisfied or waived or that the Merger will be completed. If the Merger is not completed, we may be materially adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the Merger, will be subject to a number of risks. In particular, upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain specified circumstances, including TEGNA's entry into a definitive agreement with respect to a superior proposal in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, TEGNA will be required to pay Nexstar a termination fee of $120 million. Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain circumstances, including the termination by either party because certain required regulatory clearances are not obtained before the outside date of August 18, 2026 (subject to one three-month extension), Nexstar will be required to pay TEGNA a termination fee of $125 million.
